LECTURE: Development Environments Updated and Added (#283)
QuantEcon/lecture-python-programming: lectures/workspace.md

---
jupytext:
  text_representation:
    extension: .md
    format_name: myst
kernelspec:
  display_name: Python 3
  language: python
  name: python3
---

(workspace)=
```{raw} jupyter
<div id="qe-notebook-header" align="right" style="text-align:right;">
        <a href="https://quantecon.org/" title="quantecon.org">
                <img style="width:250px;display:inline;" width="250px" src="https://assets.quantecon.org/img/qe-menubar-logo.svg" alt="QuantEcon">
        </a>
</div>
```

> # Python Development: Writing Longer Programs

Reviewer: @orectique I would vote for just `Writing Longer Programs`

```{contents} Contents
:depth: 2
```
## Overview

So far, we have explored the use of Jupyter Notebooks in writing and executing Python code. 

While they are efficient and adaptable when working with short pieces of code, Notebooks are not the best choice for longer programs and scripts. 

> While Jupyter Notebooks can help execute chunks of code one at a time, scripts allow for long pieces of code to be written and executed in a single go. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Jupyter Notebooks are well suited to interactive computing (i.e. data science workflows) and can help execute chunks of code one at a time. Text files and scripts allow for long pieces of code to be written and executed in a single go. 
```
